Add README for Apps Script (#157)
alphagov/govuk-dependencies: apps-script/README.md

# Apps Script

> This is the code to populate the repos tab on the [dependencies spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/137KZhjctJ8qTKYPnq2QNVkyoIC6ok7KA2G1vErNC6Oo/edit#gid=1160366178), it should be kept in sync with the code in the Apps Script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains the script that populates the "Repos" tab on the [dependencies spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/137KZhjctJ8qTKYPnq2QNVkyoIC6ok7KA2G1vErNC6Oo/edit#gid=1160366178). Whenever the script is updated, it needs to be manually copied to the spreadsheet's "Apps Script" extension.
```

## How to make changes

After getting your changes approved and merged, you need to follow these steps:

> - Go to https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/137KZhjctJ8qTKYPnq2QNVkyoIC6ok7KA2G1vErNC6Oo/edit#gid=1160366178

Reviewer: Suggest we avoid repeating the link, to avoid having to update it in two places.
```suggestion
- Go to the spreadsheet
```
